[ML] move find file structure finder in Rest high Level client to its new endpoint and plugin (#67290)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/java-rest/high-level/textstructure/find-structure.asciidoc

--
:api: find-structure
:request: FindStructureRequest
:response: FindStructureResponse
--
[role="xpack"]
[id="{upid}-{api}"]
=== Find structure API

experimental::[]

Determines the structure of text and other information that will be
useful to import its contents to an {es} index. It accepts a +{request}+ object
and responds with a +{response}+ object.

[id="{upid}-{api}-request"]
==== Find structure request

> A sample from the beginning of the text (or the entire text contents if

Reviewer: This makes sentence makes less sense once file is replaced with text especially the entire contents bit. 

```suggestion
A sample of the the text to analyze must be added to the +{request}+ object using the....
```
